📝(project) improve main doc page and developer guide (#535)
openfun/ralph: docs/index.md

Ralph is a toolbox for your learning analytics, it can be used as a:

- **[LRS](./tutorials/lrs.md)**, an HTTP API server to collect xAPI statements (learning events), following the [ADL LRS standard](https://github.com/adlnet/xAPI-Spec/blob/master/xAPI-Communication.md#partthree)
- **[command-line interface](./tutorials/cli.md)** (CLI), to build data pipelines the UNIX-way™️,
- **[library](./tutorials/library.md)**, to fetch learning events from various backends, (de)serialize or
    convert them from and to various standard formats such as
    [xAPI](https://adlnet.gov/projects/xapi/), or
    [openedx](https://docs.openedx.org/en/latest/developers/references/internal_data_formats/tracking_logs/index.html)

> ## What is an LRS?

Reviewer: You can add an info admonition at the end of this subsection to inform readers that the new documentation is the following one: https://opensource.ieee.org/xapi. However, Ralph still supports last 1.X version of xAPI

Author: Great idea, thanks!

Ralph is a toolbox for your learning analytics, it can be used as a:

> - **[LRS](./tutorials/lrs.md)**, an HTTP API server to collect xAPI statements (learning events), following the [ADL LRS standard](https://github.com/adlnet/xAPI-Spec/blob/master/xAPI-Communication.md#partthree)

Reviewer 2: broken link? (./tutorials/lrs.md)

Author: For now yes... I can remove it until lrs tutorial is added though!

> - **[LRS](./tutorials/lrs.md)**, an HTTP API server to collect xAPI statements (learning events), following the [ADL LRS standard](https://github.com/adlnet/xAPI-Spec/blob/master/xAPI-Communication.md#partthree)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[LRS](./tutorials/lrs.md)**, an HTTP API server to collect xAPI statements (learning events), following the [ADL LRS standard](https://github.com/adlnet/xAPI-Spec/blob/master/xAPI-Communication.md#part-three-data-processing-validation-and-security)
```

Author: Thanks!

- **[command-line interface](./tutorials/cli.md)** (CLI), to build data pipelines the UNIX-way™️,
- **[library](./tutorials/library.md)**, to fetch learning events from various backends, (de)serialize or
    convert them from and to various standard formats such as
    [xAPI](https://adlnet.gov/projects/xapi/), or
    [openedx](https://docs.openedx.org/en/latest/developers/references/internal_data_formats/tracking_logs/index.html)

## What is an LRS?

A Learning Record Store, or LRS, is a key component in the context of learning analytics and the Experience API (xAPI).

The [Experience API](https://github.com/adlnet/xAPI-Spec) (or Tin Can API) is a standard for tracking and reporting learning experiences. 
In particular, it defines:

> - the [xAPI format](https://github.com/adlnet/xAPI-Spec/blob/master/xAPI-Data.md#part-two-experience-api-data) of the learning events. xAPI statements includes an `actor` (e.g. *learner*), a `verb` (e.g. *watched*, *passed*) and an `object` (e.g. *video*, *quiz*) as well as contextual and optional information (e.g. *timestamp* of the event, *result* of an activity). Here's a simplistic statement: 

Author: Removed the examples to shorten the line!
